how to knit the fisherman's rib stitch
English style left-handed a pair of
knitting needles special thanks to our
sponsors Cassell for providing today's
needles today we are using their addi
turbo circular needles in the size us
thirteen and a ball of yarn for this
stitch you'll need to know the following
techniques knit purl knit one below to
begin this stitch you must cast on in
multiples of two plus one preferably
using a cast on this designed for
ribbing like the one by one rib cast on
row one we're going to begin by knitting
one then we're going to start our repeat
by purling one and we'll finish our
repeat by knitting one so we'll continue
purling one and knitting one until the
end of the row row two we're going to
begin by purling one
then we're going to start our repeat by
knitting one below so we're actually
going to go into the stitch right below
the stitch that's on our needle you can
see the hole right there we're going to
insert our needle into that stitch and
then we'll knit that stitch as normal
and drop both stitches off of our needle
okay then we're gonna finish our repeat
by purling one so we're gonna continue
knitting one below and purling one until
we reach the end of the row row three
we're going to begin by knitting one
then we're going to start our repeat by
purling one and we'll finish our repeat
by knitting one below so we're again
we're gonna go into the stitch that is
right below the stitch on our needle
which will be this stitch right here
we're going to insert our needle into
that stitch and knit it as normal and
then drop the stitch off of our main
needle okay so we'll continue purling
one and knitting one below until we
reach the last stitch in our row when we
reach the last stitch in our row we're
going to knit one okay so we're gonna
repeat rows 2 & 3 until we've reached
our desired length and that's how you
knit the fisherman's rib stitch after a
few repeats your pattern should look
like this
what more news today check out our
website at news to today.com